<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">90C29 90B35 90C27 90C59 68T20</div>
    <div class="doctype">book article</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Grimme, Christian; Kemmerling, Markus; Lepping, Joachim</span> Number: <span class="number">1251.90352</span></div>
      <div class="title">On the integration of theoretical single-objective scheduling results for multi-objective problems.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Summary: We present a modular and flexible algorithmic framework to enable a fusion of scheduling theory and evolutionary multi-objective combinatorial optimization. For single-objective scheduling problems, that is the optimization of task assignments to sparse resources over time, a variety of optimal algorithms or heuristic rules are available. However, in the multi-objective domain it is often impossible to provide specific and theoretically well founded algorithmic solutions. In that situation, multi-objective evolutionary algorithms are commonly used. Although several standard heuristics from this domain exist, most of them hardly allow the integration of available single-objective problem knowledge without complex redesign of the algorithms structure itself. The redesign and tuned application of common evolutionary multi-objective optimizers is far beyond the scope of scheduling research. We therefore describe a framework based on a cellular and agent-based approach which allows the straightforward construction of multi-objective optimizers by compositing single-objective scheduling heuristics. In a case study, we address strongly NP-hard parallel machine scheduling problems and compose optimizers combining the known single-objective results. We eventually show that this approach can bridge between scheduling theory and evolutionary multi-objective search.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
