<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">74-02 74Rxx 76S99</div>
    <div class="doctype">book</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Adler, Pierre M.; Thovert, Jean-Fran&#xE7;ois; Mourzenko, Valeri V.</span> Number: <span class="number">6110078</span></div>
      <div class="title">Fractured porous media.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Preliminary review / Publisher&#x2019;s description: This book provides a systematic treatment of the geometrical and transport properties of fractures, fracture networks, and fractured porous media.
It is divided into two major parts. The first part deals with geometry of individual fractures and of fracture networks. The use of the dimensionless density rationalizes the results for the percolation threshold of the networks. It presents the crucial advantage of grouping the numerical data for various fracture shapes.
The second part deals mainly with permeability under steady conditions of fractures, fracture networks, and fractured porous media. Again the results for various types of networks can be rationalized by means of the dimensionless density. A chapter is dedicated to two phase flow in fractured porous media.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
