<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">35M10 35D30</div>
    <div class="keywords">mixed type PDE; spectral theory; Fredholm alternatives; topological methods; variational methods; nonlinear boundary value problems; resonance; jumping nonlinearities</div>
    <div class="doctype">serial article</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Lupo, Daniela; Monticelli, Dario D.; Payne, Kevin R.</span> Number: <span class="number">6110005</span></div>
      <div class="title">Fredholm properties and nonlinear Dirichlet problems for mixed type operators.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Summary: For a class of linear partial differential operators of mixed elliptic-hyperbolic type with homogeneous Dirichlet data on the entire boundary of suitable planar domains, we exploit the recent spectral theory of D. Lupo, D. D. Monticelli and K. R. Payne [Commun. Partial Differ. Equations 37, No. 9, 1495&#x2013;1516 (2012; Zbl pre06102470)] to establish a Fredholm alternative for weak solutions of the linear Dirichlet problem. This alternative is then used to study nonlinear Dirichlet problems with at most asymptotically linear nonlinearities, both in resonant and nonresonant cases. In particular, we obtain solvability results in nonresonant situations, a nonlinear Fredholm alternative (in the spirit of E. M. Landesman and A. C. Lazer [J. Math. Mech. 19, 609&#x2013;623 (1970; Zbl 0193.39203)]) valid in both nonresonant and strongly resonant situations and establish a multiplicity result valid in nonresonant and weakly resonant situations.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
