<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">62-01 62P30</div>
    <div class="doctype">book</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Montgomery, Douglas C.</span> Number: <span class="number">6108240</span></div>
      <div class="title">Statistical quality control. A modern introduction. 7th ed., International Student Version.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Publisher&#x2019;s description: The Seventh Edition of Statistical Quality Control provides a comprehensive treatment of the major aspects of using statistical methodology for quality control and improvement.  Both traditional and modern methods are presented, including state-of-the-art techniques for statistical process monitoring and control and statistically designed experiments for process characterization, optimization, and process robustness studies.  The seventh edition continues to focus on DMAIC (define, measure, analyze, improve, and control&#x2013;the problem-solving strategy of six sigma) including a chapter on the implementation process.  Additionally, the text includes new examples, exercises, problems, and techniques.  Statistical Quality Control is best suited for upper-division students in engineering, statistics, business and management science or students in graduate courses.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
