<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">93-02 93C42 93C10 93C95</div>
    <div class="doctype">book</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Chadli, Mohammed; Borne, Pierre</span> Number: <span class="number">6110088</span></div>
      <div class="title">Multiple models approach in automation. Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy systems.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Preliminary review / Publisher&#x2019;s description: Much work on analysis and synthesis problems relating to the multiple model approach has already been undertaken. This has been motivated by the desire to establish the problems of control law synthesis and full state estimation in numerical terms.
In recent years, a general approach based on multiple LTI models (linear or affine) around various function points has been proposed. This so-called multiple model approach is a convex polytopic representation, which can be obtained either directly from a nonlinear mathematical model, through mathematical transformation or through linearization around various function points.
This book concentrates on the analysis of the stability and synthesis of control laws and observations for multiple models. The authors&#xE2;&#x80;&#x99; approach is essentially based on Lyapunov&#xE2;&#x80;&#x99;s second method and LMI formulation. Uncertain multiple models with unknown inputs are studied and quadratic and non-quadratic Lyapunov functions are also considered.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
