<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">22-01 17-01 22Exx 17Bxx 00A06</div>
    <div class="doctype">book</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Bincer, Adam M.</span> Number: <span class="number">6110085</span></div>
      <div class="title">Lie groups and Lie algebras. A physicist&#x2019;s perspective.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Preliminary review / Publisher&#x2019;s description: This book is intended for graduate students in Physics. It starts with a discussion of angular momentum and rotations in terms of the orthogonal group in three dimensions and the unitary group in two dimensions and goes on to deal with these groups in any dimensions. All representations of su(2) are obtained and the Wigner-Eckart theorem is discussed. Casimir operators for the orthogonal and unitary groups are discussed. The exceptional group G2 is introduced as the group of automorphisms of octonions. The symmetric group is used to deal with representations of the unitary groups and the reduction of their Kronecker products. Following the presentation of Cartan&#x2019;s classification of semisimple algebras Dynkin diagrams are described. The book concludes with space-time groups &#x2013; the Lorentz, Poincare and Liouville groups &#x2013; and a derivation of the energy levels of the non-relativistic hydrogen atom in n space dimensions.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
