<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">62-04 68N15</div>
    <div class="doctype">book</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Gardener, Mark</span> Number: <span class="number">6110090</span></div>
      <div class="title">The essential R reference.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Preliminary review / Publisher&#x2019;s description: The powerful and open-source statistical programming language R is rapidly growing in popularity, but it requires that you type in commands at the keyboard rather than use a mouse, so you have to learn the language of R. But there is a shortcut, and that&#x2019;s where this unique book comes in. A companion book to Visualize This: The FlowingData Guide to Design, Visualization, and Statistics, this practical reference is a library of basic R commands that you can copy and paste into R to perform many types of statistical analyses.
Whether you&#x2019;re in technology, science, medicine, business, or engineering, you can quickly turn to your topic in this handy book and find the commands you need.
<m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m1.1" display="inline" xref="m1.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m1.1a" xref="m1.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m1.1.1" xref="m1.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m1.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m1.1"><m:ci xml:id="m1.1.1.cmml" xref="m1.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m1.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m1.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Comprehensive command reference for the R programming language and a companion book to Visualize This: The FlowingData Guide to Design, Visualization, and Statistics. <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m2.1" display="inline" xref="m2.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m2.1a" xref="m2.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m2.1.1" xref="m2.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m2.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m2.1"><m:ci xml:id="m2.1.1.cmml" xref="m2.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m2.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m2.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Combines elements of a dictionary, glossary, and thesaurus for the R language. <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m3.1" display="inline" xref="m3.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m3.1a" xref="m3.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m3.1.1" xref="m3.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m3.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m3.1"><m:ci xml:id="m3.1.1.cmml" xref="m3.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m3.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m3.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Provides easy accessibility to the commands you need, by topic, which you can cut and paste into R as needed. <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m4.1" display="inline" xref="m4.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m4.1a" xref="m4.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m4.1.1" xref="m4.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m4.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m4.1"><m:ci xml:id="m4.1.1.cmml" xref="m4.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m4.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m4.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Covers getting, saving, examining, and manipulating data; statistical test and math; and all the things you can do with graphs. <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m5.1" display="inline" xref="m5.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m5.1a" xref="m5.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m5.1.1" xref="m5.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m5.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m5.1"><m:ci xml:id="m5.1.1.cmml" xref="m5.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m5.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m5.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Also includes a collection of utilities that you&#x2019;ll find useful.
Simplify the complex statistical R programming language with The Essential R Reference.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
