<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">81-02 81P45 81P68</div>
    <div class="doctype">book</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Bagarello, Fabio</span> Number: <span class="number">6110091</span></div>
      <div class="title">Quantum dynamics for classical systems. With applications of the number operator.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Preliminary review / Publisher&#x2019;s description: Mathematics is increasingly applied to classical problems in finance, biology, economics, and elsewhere. Quantum Dynamics for Classical Systems describes how quantum tools&#xE2;&#x80;&#x94;the number operator in particular&#xE2;&#x80;&#x94;can be used to create dynamical systems in which the variables are operator-valued functions and whose results explain the presented model. The book presents mathematical results and their applications to concrete systems and discusses the methods used, results obtained, and techniques developed for the proofs of the results.
The central ideas of number operators are illuminated while avoiding excessive technicalities that are unnecessary for understanding and learning the various mathematical applications. The presented dynamical systems address a variety of contexts and offer clear analyses and explanations of concluded results. Additional features in Quantum Dynamics for Classical Systems include: <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m1.1" display="inline" xref="m1.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m1.1a" xref="m1.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m1.1.1" xref="m1.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m1.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m1.1"><m:ci xml:id="m1.1.1.cmml" xref="m1.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m1.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m1.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Applications across diverse fields including stock markets and population migration as well as a unique quantum perspective on these classes of models; <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m2.1" display="inline" xref="m2.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m2.1a" xref="m2.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m2.1.1" xref="m2.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m2.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m2.1"><m:ci xml:id="m2.1.1.cmml" xref="m2.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m2.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m2.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Illustrations of the use of creation and annihilation operators for classical problems; <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m3.1" display="inline" xref="m3.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m3.1a" xref="m3.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m3.1.1" xref="m3.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m3.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m3.1"><m:ci xml:id="m3.1.1.cmml" xref="m3.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m3.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m3.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Examples of the recent increase in research and literature on the many applications of quantum tools in applied mathematics; <m:math xmlns="http://zentralblatt.org" alttext="\bullet" xml:id="m4.1" display="inline" xref="m4.1.cmml"><m:semantics xml:id="m4.1a" xref="m4.1.cmml"><m:mo xml:id="m4.1.1" xref="m4.1.1.cmml">&#x2219;</m:mo><m:annotation-xml xml:id="m4.1.cmml" encoding="MathML-Content" xref="m4.1"><m:ci xml:id="m4.1.1.cmml" xref="m4.1.1">normal-&#x2219;</m:ci></m:annotation-xml><m:annotation xml:id="m4.1b" encoding="application/x-tex" xref="m4.1.cmml">\bullet</m:annotation></m:semantics></m:math> Clarification on numerous misunderstandings and misnomers while shedding light on new approaches in the field.
Quantum Dynamics for Classical Systems is an ideal reference for researchers, professionals, and academics in applied mathematics, economics, physics, biology, and sociology. The book is also excellent for courses in dynamical systems, quantum mechanics, and mathematical models.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
