<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">90C29 90C59</div>
    <div class="doctype">book article</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Segura, Carlos; Segredo, Eduardo; Le&#xF3;n, Coromoto</span> Number: <span class="number">1251.90357</span></div>
      <div class="title">Analysing the robustness of multiobjectivisation approaches applied to large scale optimisation problems.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Summary: Multiobjectivisation transforms a mono-objective problem into a multiobjective one. The main aim of multiobjectivisation is to avoid stagnation in local optima by changing the landscape of the original fitness function. In this contribution, an analysis of different multiobjectivisation approaches has been performed. It has been carried out with a set of scalable mono-objective benchmark problems. The experimental evaluation has demonstrated the advantages of multiobjectivisation, both in terms of quality and saved resources. However, it has been revealed that it produces a negative effect in some cases. Some multiobjectivisation schemes require the specification of additional parameters which must be adapted for dealing with different problems. Multiobjectivisation with parameters has been proposed as a method to improve the performance of the whole optimisation scheme. Nevertheless, the parameter setting of an optimisation scheme which considers multiobjectivisation with parameters is usually more complex. In this work, a new model based on the usage of hyperheuristics to facilitate the application of multiobjectivisation with parameters is proposed. Experimental evaluation  shows that this model has increased the robustness of the whole optimisation scheme.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
