<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">68T45</div>
    <div class="keywords">target tracking; camera tracking; track-first approach; fuse-first approach</div>
    <div class="doctype">book article</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Taj, Murtaza; Cavallaro, Andrea</span> Number: <span class="number">1251.68272</span></div>
      <div class="title">Simultaneous detection and tracking with multiple cameras.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Summary: Tracking targets using multiple cameras is an important processing step for applications such as sports analysis, traffic monitoring, behavior detection and event recognition. The multi-camera tracking problem has been mostly addressed in the literature as detection-based tracking: objects of interest (targets) are first detected and then associated over time. Data from different cameras can be combined either after tracking (in track-first approaches) or before tracking (in fuse-first approaches).Track-first approaches localize and track objects in each camera view. Then the tracks are projected onto a common fusion space (usually a common view or ground plane) to generate extended tracks across the camera network. Track-first approaches solve the correspondence problem in each camera view as well as on the fusion space.Fuse-first approaches combine the information from multiple cameras prior to tracking. The fused data can be either the projection of raw pixels from each view or of foreground pixels only and is referred to as detection volume or occupancy mask. In general, a detection step is required to localize the targets in the detection volume prior to tracking. Alternatively, simultaneous detection and tracking can be performed that does not require an explicit detection step. In this case, the evidence of existence of a track over time is used to declare the presence of a target. These strategies are also referred in literature as track-before-detect approaches and will be the main focus of this chapter.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
