<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">05C69 05C63</div>
    <div class="keywords">firefighting; infinite graph; Cartesian planar grid; strong planar grid; monotone dynamic process in graphs; burning vertices; unburnt vertices; protected vertices; unprotected vertices</div>
    <div class="doctype">serial article</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Feldheim, Ohad N.; Hod, Rani</span> Number: <span class="number">1254.05137</span></div>
      <div class="title">3/2 firefighters are not enough.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">Summary: The firefighter problem is a monotone dynamic process in graphs that can be viewed as modeling the use of a limited supply of vaccinations to stop the spread of an epidemic. In more detail, a fire spreads through a graph, from burning vertices to their unprotected neighbors. In every round, a small amount of unburnt vertices can be protected by firefighters. How many firefighters per turn, on average, are needed to stop the fire from advancing?
We prove tight lower and upper bounds on the amount of firefighters needed to control a fire in the Cartesian planar grid and in the strong planar grid, resolving two conjectures of K. L. Ng and P. Raff [Discrete Appl. Math. 156, No. 5, 730&#x2013;745 (2008; Zbl 1134.05101)].
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
