<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--This file was automatically created from LaTeX source, do not manually edit!-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:zbl="http://zentralblatt.org" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:ltx="http://dlmf.nist.gov/LaTeXML">
  <head>
    <style type="text/css">
        html{border: 0px #006699 solid;border-left-width: 15px}
        body {margin: 15px;padding: 0px;background-color:#ffffff;color:black;
              font-family:helvetica;font-size: 14px;line-height: 1.4em}
        div.volume-title {font-size:24pt;text-align:center;font-weight:bold}
        div.title {font-style:italic;font-weight:bold}
        div.mathics {font-size:larger;font-weight:bold}
        span.mathics-zbl {float:right}
        div.matverw {font-size:smaller}
        div.review {margin:5mm 5mm 5mm 5mm}
        div.aunot {font-weight:bold}
        div.published {font-weight:bold}
		.number {font-style: italic; text-align:right}
        div.reviewer{font-style:italic;text-align:right}
      </style>
    <title/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="language">EN</div>
    <div class="class">05C20 05C22 05C72</div>
    <div class="keywords">fuzzy cognitive map; bipolar weighted digraph; bipolar fuzzy digraph; bipolar random digraph; transitive closure</div>
    <div class="doctype">serial article</div>
    <div class="review">
      <div class="aunot"><span class="author">Niesink, Patrick; Poulin, Keven; &#x160;ajna, Mateja</span> Number: <span class="number">1254.05069</span></div>
      <div class="title">Computing transitive closure of bipolar weighted digraphs.</div>
      <div class="published">2013</div>
      <div class="review-body">The paper uses graph-theoretic tools to analyze fuzzy cognitive maps. It proposes two models. One is called the probabilistic model, where the absolute value of the weight of an impact is interpreted as the probability that the impact occurs. The other is called fuzzy model, where it is interpreted as the degree of truth. In both cases, the fuzzy cognitive map is represented as a bipolar weighted digraph, where the transitive closure definition is dependent on the model. The paper also describes several algorithms for computing the transitive closure of the bipolar weighted digraph in the fuzzy and probabilistic models. Finally, the paper compares the two models and explains how to interpret the results.
</div>
      <div class="reviewer"/>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
